Update tag names for ecdsa and eddsa test suites. (#5)
w3c/vc-test-suite-implementations: README.md

Tags tell the test suites which implementations to run the test suites against.

> `vc2.0` - This tag will run the [VC Data Model 2.0 Test Suite](https://github.com/digitalbazaar/vc-data-model-2-test-suite) on your issuer and verifier endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `vc2.0` - This tag will run the [VC Data Model 2.0 Test Suite](https://github.com/w3c/vc-data-model-2.0-test-suite) on your issuer and verifier endpoints.
```

> `Ed25519Signature2020` - This tag will run the [Ed25519 tests](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/di-ed25519-test-suite) on either your issuer and/or verifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Ed25519Signature2020` - This tag will run the [Ed25519 tests](https://github.com/w3c/vc-di-ed25519signature2020-test-suite) on either your issuer and/or verifier.
```

> `ecdsa-rdfc-2019` or `ecdsa-sd-2023` - These tags will run
> the [VC Data Integrity ECDSA Test Suite](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/vc-di-ecdsa-test-suite) on your issuer and verifier endpoints.
> Note: Along with the cryptosuite tag, for you should also specify the
> `supportedEcdsaKeyTypes` (ECDSA key types that your implementation issues or
> can verify). Currently, the test suite supports `P-256` and `P-384` ECDSA key
> types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ecdsa-rdfc-2019` or `ecdsa-sd-2023` - These tags will run the
[VC Data Integrity ECDSA Test Suite](https://github.com/w3c/vc-di-ecdsa-test-suite)
on your issuer and verifier endpoints.
  * Alongside this cryptosuite tag, you must also specify the `supportedEcdsaKeyTypes`
  key parallel to `tags` listing the ECDSA key types that your implementation issues or
  can verify. Currently, the test suite supports `P-256` and `P-384` ECDSA key types.
```

> `eddsa-rdfc-2022` - This tag will run the [VC Data Integrity EDDSA Test Suite](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/di-eddsa-2022-test-suite) on your issuer and verifier endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `eddsa-rdfc-2022` - This tag will run the [VC Data Integrity EDDSA Test Suite](https://github.com/w3c/vc-di-eddsa-test-suite) on your issuer and verifier endpoints.
```
